[#250] Rename `rejected_proposal_return_value` and remove cleveland's dependency (#266)
tqtezos/baseDAO: docs/specification.md

- Frozen tokens from voters and proposal submitter associated with those proposals
  are returned in the  form of tokens in governance token contract:
  - If proposal got rejected due to the quorum was not met or the quorum was met but upvotes are less then downvotes:

>     - The return amount for the proposer is equal to or less than the slashed amount based on `rejectedProposalSlashValue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The return amount for the proposer is equal to or less than the slashed amount based on `rejected_proposal_slash_value`.
```
let's use the name of the `lambda` in LIGO, after all the haskell name is only interesting for us and should not really be part of the spec
